Police: Gang member under house arrest shoots himself in Austin ~ A gang member under house arrest shot himself in the hand Saturday afternoon in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side. ~ A gang member under house arrest shot himself in the hand Saturday afternoon in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side.
The 46-year-old shot himself in the thumb while taking out the garbage in the 4800 block of West Congress, according to Chicago Police. He was taken to Loretto Hospital in good condition. A police source said the man is a documented gang member who was under house arrest at the time of the incident. It was not immediately clear whether any charges were pending against him. |

Man wounded in Oakland shooting ~ A man was wounded in a shooting Saturday afternoon in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side. ~ A man was wounded in a shooting Saturday afternoon in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side. The 19-year-old was walking outside at 12:59 p.m. in the 3700 block of South Langley when he heard shots and realized he’d been hit, according to Chicago Police. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in good condition with a gunshot wound to the leg, police said. |
Person shot to death in Calumet City ~ A person died early Saturday after he was shot in south suburban Calumet City. ~A person died early Saturday after he was shot in south suburban Calumet City.
The male, whose age and identity were not immediately known, suffered a gunshot wound in the 200 block of South Bensley Street in Calumet City, according to a statement from the Lake County coroner’s office. He was taken to Franciscan Health in Hammond, Indiana, where he was pronounced dead at 2:40 a.m. His death was ruled a homicide. Calumet City police did not release further details about the shooting Saturday morning. |
Man robs bank in South Shore ~ The FBI is investigating a bank robbery Saturday morning in the South Shore neighborhood on the South Side. ~ A man robbed a bank Saturday morning in the South Shore neighborhood on the South Side.

The non-takeover robbery happened at 10:22 a.m. at the PNC Bank branch at 7300 S. Stony Island Ave., according to the FBI. No weapon was shown. The suspect was described as a black man in his early to mid-20s between 6-foot-2 and 6-foot-4, the FBI said. He had a slender build and was wearing a black hat with a red bill, a black sweater and jeans.

Anyone with information about the robbery should call the FBI’s Chicago office at (312) 421-6700. | Man wounded in Little Village shooting ~ A man was wounded in a shooting Saturday morning in the Little Village neighborhood on the Southwest Side. ~ A man was wounded in a shooting Saturday morning in the Little Village neighborhood on the Southwest Side.

The 25-year-old was dropped off at Mount Sinai Hospital about 5 a.m. with a gunshot wound to the head, according to Chicago Police. His condition was stabilized. He told investigators he was shot in the 3600 block of West 31st Street, but was otherwise being uncooperative with investigators, police said. |
Police: Man fatally shot in Little Village ~ Detectives were questioning two people after a man was fatally shot Saturday morning in the Southwest Side Little Village neighborhood, police said. ~ Detectives were questioning two people after a man was fatally shot Saturday morning in the Southwest Side Little Village neighborhood, police said.

About 7 a.m., officers responding to reports of shots fired in the 2600 block of West 23rd found the 26-year-old man unresponsive with a gunshot wound, according to Chicago Police. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was pronounced dead, police said. The Cook County medical examiner’s office could not immediately confirm the death Saturday morning.

Officers also saw a vehicle drive away from the scene, police said. When they attempted to pull it over, someone threw a gun out the window. The two occupants of the vehicle were taken into custody and were being questioned by Area Central detectives Saturday morning. |
Man critical after SW Side shooting ~ Man critical after SW Side shooting ~ A 37-year-old man was shot and critically wounded in the Ashburn neighborhood Saturday morning on the Southwest Side.

Officers found him with a gunshot wound to the back at 5:37 a.m. in the 7800 block of South Sawyer, according to Chicago Police. He was taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in critical “but stable” condition, police said.

The circumstances of the shooting were unknown. | Ex-school district employee gets 12 years for sex assault ~ A former truancy liaison officer at a west suburban school district has been sentenced to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty to sexual assault. ~ A former truancy liaison officer at a west suburban school district has been sentenced to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty to sexually assaulting a girl at East Aurora High School last year.

Jose B. Corona, 32, pleaded guilty to two felony counts of criminal sexual assault and one misdemeanor count of battery, according to the Kane County state’s attorney’s office. Between August and November 2015, Corona had sexual contact with a student in his East Aurora High School District 131 office, and at his home in the 1300 block of South Glen Court in Aurora, prosecutors said.

Another girl at the school went to DCFS officials in October 2015 saying Corona had made inappropriate advances toward her as well, prosecutors said.

Corona was arrested last November and had been jailed on a $100,000 since. Judge Donald Tegeler on Friday handed down the 12-year sentence, of which Corona must serve at least 85 percent. He will also have to register for life as a sex offender.

“These young women courageously spoke up and confronted Mr. Corona about his acts,” Kane County State’s Attorney Joseph McMahon said in a statement. “Because they did so, they were able to prevent him from victimizing other children. I cannot overstate their bravery in doing the right thing.” |
Boy, 17, shot on Northwest Side ~ A 17-year-old boy was shot in the right leg early Saturday in the Montclare neighborhood on the Northwest Side. ~ A 17-year-old boy was shot in the right leg early Saturday in the Montclare neighborhood on the Northwest Side.

About 2:15 a.m., someone in a dark-colored SUV pulled up to the boy in the 2300 block of North Normandy and someone inside fired five shots, according to Chicago Police. He was taken to Loyola University Medical Center in good condition, police said. |
Man shot in West Garfield Park drive-by ~ A drive-by shooting left a man wounded in the West Garfield Park neighborhood early Saturday. ~ A drive-by shooting left a man wounded in the West Garfield Park neighborhood early Saturday.

Just after 1 a.m., the 28-year-old was outside in the 4700 block of West Van Buren when someone in a passing silver vehicle shot him in the leg, according to Chicago Police. The man later showed up at Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood, where he was listed in fair condition, police said. |
Cops: Man shot dead in Woodlawn ~ A 26-year-old man was killed in a Woodlawn neighborhood drive-by shooting early Saturday on the South Side, according to Chicago Police. ~ A 26-year-old man was killed in a Woodlawn neighborhood drive-by shooting early Saturday on the South Side, according to Chicago Police.

About 4:25 a.m., the man was outside in the 6100 block of South Rhodes when a vehicle pulled up and someone fired shots, hitting him in the neck, police said. He was taken to the University of Chicago Medical Center, where he later died, police said. The Cook County medical examiner’s office did not immediately confirm the death.

A woman could be seen crying on the stoop of a brick apartment building next to the crime scene tape. “I can’t believe this…I can’t believe this s–t is happening,” she repeatedly wailed. She eventually got into the back of a squad car.

A 10-year-old neighbor, Jada, said she woke up to the gunfire. “I heard one gunshot, and then I heard another one…and the lady was screaming and I thought she got shot.”

When she looked out her window, she saw a car drive away on East 62nd Street with “two people in the back and two people in the front.”

A teen who declined to give her name said she heard five shots before calling an ambulance. She said the man was shot near the curb on the west side of Rhodes.

“He was on the ground, laid out [and] wasn’t moving,” she said. “It looked like he tried to run away and they caught him.”

The woman “was screaming so loud,” she said. “Even before the shots she was screaming.” |
Man shot while driving in Marquette Park ~ A man was shot late Friday while driving in the South Side Marquette Park neighborhood. ~ A man was shot late Friday while driving in the South Side Marquette Park neighborhood.

The 34-year-old was driving at 11:59 p.m. in the 6500 block of South Talman when he heard shots and realized he’d been hit in the hip, according to Chicago Police. He was taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where his condition was stabilized, police said. |
Police: 7 killed, 14 wounded in Chicago weekend shootings ~ At least 21 people were shot across the city from Friday evening to Saturday morning, leaving seven dead, according to Chicago Police. ~
At least 21 people were shot across the city from Friday evening to Saturday morning, leaving seven dead, according to Chicago Police.

The weekend’s latest homicide happened Saturday morning in the Little Village neighborhood on the Southwest Side. About 7 a.m., officers responding to reports of shots fired in the 2600 block of West 23rd found the 26-year-old man unresponsive with a gunshot wound, according to police. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was pronounced dead, police said.

Officers also saw a vehicle drive away from the scene, police said. When they attempted to pull it over, the driver threw a gun out of the window. The two occupants of the vehicle were taken into custody and were being questioned by Area Central detectives Saturday morning.

Several hours earlier, a man was shot to death in the South Side Woodlawn neighborhood. A vehicle pulled up to the 26-year-old man about 4:30 a.m. in the 6100 block of South Rhodes, and someone inside shot him in the neck. He was taken to the University of Chicago Medical Center, where he died, police said.

Friday night, another 26-year-old man was slain in West Rogers Park on the North Side. He was outside in the 6000 block of North Talman when a group of people walked up and fired shots, hitting him in the chest, police said. He was taken to Saint Francis Hospital in Evanston, where he was pronounced dead at 9:35 p.m., authorities said.

About 8:15 p.m., a mass shooting in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side left one person dead and six more wounded.

They were standing together in the 3300 block of West Maypole when someone in a black vehicle going east opened fire, police said. Three men — ages 26, 27, 34 — took themselves to Mount Sinai Hospital in good condition with gunshot wounds to the arms and legs. A 30-year-old man was taken with them and was later pronounced dead.

A 31-year-old man was shot in the left arm and a 22-year-old woman was shot in the right foot, police said. Both were taken to Stroger Hospital in good condition. A 21-year-old woman suffered a graze wound to the face and was treated at the scene.

More West Side gunfire about 15 minutes earlier left two men, ages 18 and 20, dead in Austin. They were standing by a parked car in the 5500 block of West Congress Parkway about 8 p.m. when a gray car drove up and someone inside opened fire, hitting the younger man in the head and the older man repeatedly. They were pronounced dead at Stroger, police said.

About 6:45 p.m., an 18-year-old man was gunned down in a gangway in the 4500 block of West Maypole in a West Garfield Park neighborhood drive-by attack. He died at the scene of a gunshot wound to the chest, police said.

The Cook County medical examiner’s office has not released any of the victims’ names.

The most recent nonfatal shooting happened Saturday afternoon in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side. A 19-year-old man was walking outside at 12:59 p.m. in the 3700 block of South Langley when he heard shots and realized he’d been hit, according to police. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in good condition with a gunshot wound to the leg.

At least seven more people were wounded in other shootings between 5:40 p.m. Friday and 2:17 a.m. Saturday. |
South Side man gets more than 7 years for drug convictions ~ A 27-year-old Chicago was sentenced to seven and a half years in prison Thursday for several drug convictions in the northwest suburbs. ~
A 27-year-old Chicago man was sentenced to seven and a half years in prison Thursday for several drug convictions in the northwest suburbs.

Armeer M. Asad, of the 2200 block of East 98th Street, was previously found guilty of felony possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver and felony possession of cannabis with intent to deliver, according to a statement from the Kane County State’s Attorney’s office. State troopers smelled cannabis when they pulled over Asad on Interstate 90 in November 2015, and a search of his car turned up 99 grams of heroin, 900 grams of cannabis and items associated with drug dealing drugs, prosecutors said.

The heroin had a street value of $10,000 and the marijuana had a street value of up to $8,000, authorities said.

Investigators think Asad was traveling back to sell the drugs in Minnesota, where he had an arrest warrant out for delivering heroin, prosecutors said. He was also free on bond for an aggravated fleeing and eluding charge in Cook County.

He was given credit for 32 days served in the Kane County Jail, prosecutors said.

“Mr. Asad is a known drug dealer who chose to flaunt the law and continue to peddle his poison around the Midwest. He belongs in prison,” Kane County State’s Attorney Joe McMahon said. |
Man shot dead in West Rogers Park ~ A man was shot dead Friday night in the West Rogers Park neighborhood on the North Side. ~ A man was shot dead Friday night in the West Rogers Park neighborhood on the North Side.

The 26-year-old was outside at 8:55 p.m. in the 6000 block of North Talman when a group of people walked up and fired shots, according to Chicago Police. He was shot in the chest and taken to Presence Saint Francis Hospital in Evanston, where he was pronounced dead at 9:35 p.m., authorities said. The Cook County medical examiner’s office has not released his name. |
One killed, 6 wounded in East Garfield Park shooting ~ A man was killed and six others wounded in a shooting in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side Friday night. ~ A man was killed and six others wounded in a shooting in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side Friday night.

At 8:18 p.m., the group was standing together outside in the 3300 block of West Maypole when someone inside a black vehicle driving east on Maypole began shooting, according to Chicago Police. Three men — ages 26, 27, 34 — took themselves to Mount Sinai hospital in good condition with gunshot wounds to the arms and legs. Jeffrey Brinson, 32, was taken with them and pronounced at dead at 8:33 p.m., according to police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.

An autopsy Friday found that Brinson, of the 5100 block of West North Avenue, died of multiple gunshot wounds, the medical examiner’s office said. His death was ruled a homicide.

A 31-year-old man was shot in the left arm and a 22-year-old woman was shot in the right foot, police said. Both were taken to Stroger Hospital in good condition. A 21-year-old woman suffered a graze wound to the face and was treated, but not taken to a hospital.

A police source said all of the men who were shot are documented gang members.

No one was in custody for the shooting as Area North detectives continued to investigate, police said. |
Suit: Helmet failed Bogan football player who died after game ~ The family of a high school football player who died of a head injury he suffered in a 2015 game has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Riddell. ~ The family of a Bogan High School football player who died of a head injury he suffered during a 2015 game filed a wrongful death lawsuit against helmet manufacturer Riddell and the Chicago Board of Education on Friday.

Andre Smith, 17, died of blunt force head injuries he suffered in the final play of an Oct. 22, 2015 Bogan football game against Chicago Vocational at Stagg Stadium on the South Side, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office and reporting by the Chicago Sun-Times. In the six-count suit, Smith’s mother, Jeanine Smith, claimed Riddell failed to warn her son and others that the Revolution Speed helmet he wore was dangerous if the air bladders the helmet utilized were not properly inflated. Additionally, the suit claimed, the Chicago Board of Education should have known the air bladders in the helmets were not properly inflated when he wore the helmet during the game.

Smith was struck by another player during a kick return play, Stagg Stadium announcer Jimmy Smith said.

He was knocked to the ground, got up and later complained of a headache before he became unconscious, according to the suit. Smith was taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, but he never regained consciousness and was pronounced dead the following morning.

The Revolution Speed-style helmet he was wearing during the game utilized several air bladders inside the helmet to make it fit snugly to the player’s head and protect players from head injury when properly inflated, the suit said. Following Smith’s injury, an investigator hired by the Chicago Board of Education found the air bladders in his helmet “were inappropriately inflated and/or unable to hold air within the crown and back/rear air bladders.”

The suit seeks an unspecified amount of money in two-counts against the Chicago Board of Education and an unspecified amount of money in four additional counts against Riddell.

The Chicago Board of Education could not immediately be reached for comment Friday evening.

Erin Griffin, a spokeswoman for Riddell, declined to comment. |
